The only real valuable thing is intuition.
I think, therefore I am.
Get up, stand up ! Stand up for your rights !
Wisdom comes with winters.
I am not young enough to know everything.
Anonymous do not forgive. Anonymous do not forget.
Anonymous is divided by zero.
The spirit of democracy requires a change of heart.
Censorship is obscene.
Education is the cornerstone of civilized society.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Happiness comes with the habit of joyful thinking.
Religion is like a penis ; proud and private.
The whole is often greater than the sum of the parts.
Humility is the best defense against humiliation.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
Somebody who won't die for something is not fit to live.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
The best way to do things is to actually do them.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
An educated mind is able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
The roots of education are bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.
He who has overcome his fears will truly be free.
Wit is educated insolence.
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends.
He who cannot be a good follower cannot be a good leader.
Where your talents and the needs of the world cross, there lies your vocation.
The least deviation from truth will be multiplied later.
In girum imus nocte et consumimur igni.
Hydrogen, given sufficient time, turns into people.
Keep calm and carry on.
Live long and prosper.
I swear I'm here to help.
Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.
Respect existence or expect resistance.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
